I am seeking. I am striving. I am in it with all my heart  Vincent van Gogh 
Creativity takes courage  Henri Matisse 
If I could say it in words there would be no reason to paint  Edward Hopper 
"They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself  Andy Warhol"
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life  Pablo Picasso 
Great art picks up where nature ends   Marc Chagall 
The position of the artist is humble. He is essentially a channel  Piet Mondrian 
"Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing  Salvador Dali "
The job of the artist is always to deepen the mystery   Francis Bacon 
To create one’s own world takes courage  Georgia O’Keeffe 
"The object of art is not to reproduce reality, but to create a reality of the same intensity  "
"The main thing is to be moved, to love, to hope, to tremble, to live   Auguste Rodin "
It is important to express oneself...provided the feelings are real and are taken from you own experience   Berthe Morisot 
To be an artist is to believe in life  Henry Moore 
Every good painter paints what he is  Jackson Pollock 
"Art is not what you see, but what you make others see  Edgar Degas "
" In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine  Ralph Waldo Emerson "
"Whether you succeed or not is irrelevant, there is no such thing.  Making your unknown known is the important thing  Georgia O’Keeffe "
"What moves men of genius, or rather what inspires their work, is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough  "
Art must be an expression of love or it is nothing  Marc Chagall 
"Don't be an art critic, but paint, there lies salvation  Paul Cezanne "
"Life obliges me to do something, so I paint  Rene Magritte "
"If I create from the heart, nearly everything works; if from the head, almost nothing  Marc Chagall "
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way--things I had no words for  Georgia O'Keeffe 
"The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider’s web  Pablo Picasso "
A Good artist has less time than ideas  Martin Kippenberger 
"Don’t think about making art, just get it done.  Let everyone else decide if it’s good or bad, whether they love it or hate it.  While they are deciding, make even more art  Andy Warhol "
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality  Frida Kahlo 
"I paint for myself. I don't know how to do anything else, anyway. Also I have to earn my living, and occupy myself   Francis Bacon "
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art  Paul Cezanne 
"Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it  Salvador Dali "
"The longer you look at an object, the more abstract it becomes, and, ironically, the more real  Lucian Freud "
There is no must in art because art is free   Wassily Kandinsky 
Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master  Leonardo da Vinci 
"If people knew how hard I worked to get my mastery, it wouldn't seem so wonderful at all  Michelangelo "
"Colour is my day-long obsession, joy and torment  Claude Monet "
Nature is not only all that is visible to the eye.. it also includes the inner pictures of the soul   Edvard Munch 
Painting is a means of self-enlightenment  John Olsen 
"I don't say everything, but I paint everything  Pablo Picasso "
The only time I feel alive is when I'm painting  Vincent Van Gogh 
The holy grail is to spend less time making the picture than it takes people to look at it  Banksy 
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home  Twyla Tharp 
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one  Charles Horton Cooley 
"There's no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there's no end to it  Henry Moore "
One can have no smaller or greater mastery than mastery of oneself  Leonardo da Vinci 
An artist never really finishes his work; he merely abandons it  Paul Valéry 
"The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance  Aristotle "
"No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist  Oscar Wilde "
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary  Pablo Picasso 
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one  Stella Adler 
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist   Schumann 
" I want to touch people with my art. I want them to say 'he feels deeply, he feels tenderly.'” Vincent Van Gogh "
"Painting is poetry that is seen rather than felt, and poetry is painting that is felt rather than seen  Leonardo da Vinci "
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth  Pablo Picasso 
I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free” Michelangelo 
"For me, painting is a way to forget life.  It is a cry in the night, a strangled laugh  Georges Rouault "
Art is the stored honey of the human soul  Theodore Dreiser 
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision  James McNeill Whistler 
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together  Vincent Van Gogh 
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep  Scott Adams 
"Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do  Edgar Degas "
Inspiration does exist but it must find you working  Pablo Picasso 
The emotions are sometimes so strong that I work without knowing it. The strokes come like speech  Vincent Van Gogh 
"The artist's world is limitless.  It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away.  It is always on his doorstep  Paul Strand "
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see  Henry David Thoreau "
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind  Dr Suess 
"There are painters who transform the sun into a yellow spot, but there are others who, thanks to their art and intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun  Pablo Picasso "
"It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to, the feeling for the things themselves, for reality, is more important than the feeling for pictures  Vincent Van Gogh "
"If a man devotes himself to art, much evil is avoided that happens otherwise if one is idle   Albrecht Durer "
"It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child  Pablo Picasso "
I wish they would only take me as I am  Vincent Van Gogh 
Painting is the grandchild of nature. It is related to God  Rembrandt 
"Art is never finished, only abandoned” Leonardo Da Vinci "
"To practice any art, no matter how well or badly, is a way to make your soul grow. So do it  Kurt Vonnegut "
It is a widely accepted notion among painters that it does not matter what one paints as long as it is well painted. This is the essence of academicism. There is no such thing as good painting about nothing  Mark Rothko 
"Art, Undeniably, is conductive to happiness. unknown "
"Love always brings difficulties, that is true, but the good side of it is that it gives energy  Vincent Van Gogh "
Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up  Pablo Picasso 
"Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it  Andy Warhol "
"The greater the artist, the greater the doubt. Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation prize  Robert Hughes "
"If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud  Émile Zola "
I dream of painting and then I paint my dream  Vincent Van Gogh 
The world of reality has its limits; the world of imagination is boundless. Jean-Jacques Rousseau 
A painting is never finished - it simply stops in interesting places. Paul Gardner 
A great artist is always before his time or behind it  George Moore 
"As practice makes perfect, I cannot but make progress; each drawing one makes, each study one paints, is a step forward. Vincent van Gogh "
Do not fear mistakes - there are none  Miles David 
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands  Michelangelo 
In our time there are many artists who do something because it is new; they see their value and their justification in this newness. They are deceiving themselves; novelty is seldom the essential. This has to do with one thing only; making a subject better from its intrinsic nature  Henri de Toulouse Lautrec 
" You come to nature with all her theories, and she knocks them all flat  Pierre Auguste Renoir "
The emotions are sometimes so strong that I work without knowing it. The strokes come like speech  Vincent Van Gogh 
"If I were called upon to define briefly the word Art, I should call it the reproduction of what the senses preceive in nature, seen through the veil of the soul. Paul Cezanne "
If you always do what you always did - you'll always get what you always got. 
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser  - John W. Gardner 
"The object isn’t to make art, it’s to be in that wonderful state which makes art inevitable  - Robert Henri "
"Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better  - Andre Gide "
"I invent nothing, I rediscover  Auguste Rodin "
I would rather die of passion than of boredom  Vincent van Gogh 
"Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures  Henry Ward Beecher"